The number of animal crackers in the box.

O(1)
O(n)
O(2n)
O(log n)
O(n log n)
O(n2)

The process of loading and unloading pallets onto a flatbed truck (stack)

Putting bottle caps on bottles of beer as they roll down an assembly line (queue)

Calculating the solution to this mathematical expression: 2 + (7 * 4) - (3 / 2) (queue)

Describe two more situations where a queue would be an appropriate data structure.
- People waiting in line for a roller coaster
- Cooks making food orders in restaurants

Describe two more situations where a stack would be an appropriate data structure.
- Adding/Removing snacks from my backpack
- Packing/unpacking when you move to a new address


Given the linked list below, which are the nodes? 
- apple|next, berry|next, cherry|next

What is the data for each node?
- "apple", "berry", "cherry"

Where is the head?
- apple node

Where is the tail?
- cherry node

What’s the difference between doubly- and singly-linked lists?
- Each node in a singly linked list has a reference to the next node. Each node in a doubly linked list has a reference to the previous node and the next node.

Why is it faster to append to a linked list if we keep track of the tail as an attribute?
- It's faster to append if you know where the tail is because then you can just jump to the end of the list to append O(1). If we did not have this reference, we would have to traverse the entire list starting at head and stopping once the current node's next attribute pointed to None O(n).


Given the tree above, in what order would a Breadth First Search (BFS) algorithm visit each node until finding burrito (starting at food)?

food
Italian
Indian
Mexican
lasagna
pizza
tikka masala
saag
burrito


Given the tree above, in what order would a Depth First Search (DFS) algorithm visit each node until finding Chicago-style (starting at food)?

food
Italian
lasagna
pizza
thin crust
chicago style

How is a binary search tree different from other trees?
- They are sorted in an order which shortens search times (often alphabetical or numerical, but you can use any rule that orders the nodes in terms of node-one-is-greater/less-than-node-two).